Addressing Arch Board Feedback (#32291)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/communication/azure-communication-email/README.md

    .buildClient();
```

### Azure Active Directory Token Authentication

> A `DefaultAzureCredential` object must be passed to the `EmailClientBuilder` via the credential() function. Endpoint must also be set via the endpoint() function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `DefaultAzureCredential` object must be passed to the `EmailClientBuilder` via the `credential()` method. An endpoint must also be set via the `endpoint()` method.
```

> `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` and `AZURE_TENANT_ID` environment variables are needed to create a DefaultAzureCredential object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, and `AZURE_TENANT_ID` environment variables are needed to create a `DefaultAzureCredential` object.
```
